Considering the awkward situation of the last presentation, I decided to give all of you another kind of pre, and I'll show you how to use cheat engine to edit the game value stored in memory, such as the ammo number, the life rate and so on.
I believe all of us has learned some basic knowledge of Computer more or less in last semester's course, and I assume that you know that when a program is running, it must be stored in RAM, Random Access Memory, also memory. So, with the program itself, the values are also stored with it. And then, I can use some tools to edit the values, and it's a part of reverse engineering, named Dynamic Debugging.
For example, now I'm running Counter Strike Version 1.6. Notice, for presentation, I'm choosing an old version of this game to simplify the process, real-world reverse engineering is more difficult and complex than this. What I want to do is to have more ammunition, so now please take a look at the ammo. Look, there's an original value of 24 that represents the stored ammo, and I can try to change the value to increase my ammo. I'm using Cheat Engine to help me do this. First, we need to load the process, limit the searching range, and find the game, and then, load it! Okay, let's take a look at it, we have 24 rounds, so we search the value 24 in all kinds of data formats, and we got hundreds of results, too many, right? And what if I shoot some, and use several stored ammo? Now the value should change, so I'm going to search for the new value and compare it to the past. The ammo number should be stored in one or more variables, but it shouldn't change. OK, compare, and we got these, much less. Then repeat, and we finally got three variables. In order not to waste our time, let me just locate the valid variable, the second one, and then change it to 100, okay let's switch back to the game, and it turns to 100! We did it!
In order to simplify the process and make it more practical, I wrote a program doing this stuff. The logic of this program is simple, and you may understand it even if you're not good at Windows programming, it just repeats what I have done in another way. 
Okay, that's my presentation, and hope it brings you a good time.
