1. 说到中国古代了科技文明，人们自然就会想到“四大发明”，即指南针、火药、造纸术和印刷术。

When talking to ancient Chinese technology civilization, people usually think of The Four Inventions, which are compass, firepowders, paper-making technology and printing technology.

2. 相传牛郎和侄女相爱并结为夫妻，后来被王母娘娘（the Goddess of Heaven）拆散。

It is said that Niulang fell in love with his cousin and became couples, and was broken up by the Goddess of Heaven afterwards.

3. 中国古代的建筑往往是横向的，强调建筑物的宽度和牢固性，西方建筑则崇尚高度和深度。

The ancient Chinese buildings are always horizontal, and emphasizes the width and strength, while the western buildings advocate height and depth.

4. 从那时起，长城就成为中华民族的一道丰碑，从此历朝历代都在不断扩展和修缮。

From then on, the Great Wall became a hugh monument of Chinese nation, and has been continually expanded and maintained in every dynasty. 

5. 现在的商铺和传统民居见证了平遥古城昔日的繁荣昌盛。

The shops and traditional residence witnessed the prosperity in fomer times of Pinyao old town.

6. 自从改革开放以来，中国政府在生态环境保护方面做出了大量努力，取得了有效进步。

Since the Open And Reform Policy came into force, the Chinese government has made huge effort in the protection of ecological enviroment and has made great progress.

7. 据预测，中国在几年内将成为世界上最大的、最有价值的电子商务市场。

According to the prediction, China will be the biggest and most valuable electronic business market in the world in several years.

8. 中国旅游业的迅速发展很大程度上归功于中国旅游资源的不断开发和旅游设施的不断完善。

The rapid development of tourism in China should be attributed to the continuing exploitation of tourism resources and improvement of tourists facilities in to a large extent.

9. 随着互联网技术的进步，电子商务在中国经济发展中的作用越来越重要。

As the Internet develops, the electronic business plays a more and more important role in the development of Chinese economy.

10. 瓷器于15世纪传入欧洲，在中外交流中极为重要。

The china has been brought to Europe in 15th century and played a vital role in the communication of China and foreign countries.

11. 中国经济的飞速发展很大程度上归功于改革开放政策的实施。

The rapid development of China's economy shoule be attributed to the implementation of the Open and Reform Policy.

12. 据世界旅游组织预测，到2020年中国将成为世界头号旅游目的地。

According to the prediction of the World Tourism Organization, China will be the world's top destination of tourism in 2020.

13. 对年轻人来说，咖啡和酒吧往往是他们休闲娱乐的理想去处。

For young people, their ideal place to go are always cafes and bars.

14. 说道书法，它不仅是一种交流方式，也用来表现个人的内心世界。

When speaking of calligraphy, it is not onlu a method of communication, but also used to draw one's inside world.

15. 在过去的十年中，中国外贸进出口总额有了巨大的增长。

In the past ten years, the total volume of China's foreign export has grown a lot.

16. 中国普及了九年义务教育，这一做法是值得称赞的。

It is worth prasing that China makes nine-year compulsory education.

17. 随着网络的进步，微商（miroboss）在促进经济发展方面起着越来越重要的作用。

As the network grows, microbosses has been playing more and more important roles in promoting economy developing.

18. 相传中秋吃月饼的习俗始于唐朝。

It is said that the tradition of having moon cakes during The Middle Autumn Festival started from Tang Dynasty.
